anxiety disorder
A mental health disorder characterized by feelings of worry, anxiety, or fear that are strong enough to interfere with one's daily activities.



anxious 
Intense, excessive, and persistent worry and fear about everyday situations. Fast heart rate, rapid breathing, sweating, and feeling tired may occur. 



fear
An unpleasant feeling triggered by the perception of danger, real or imagined 



healthcare 
Health care is the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, recovery, or cure of disease, illness, injury, and other physical and mental impairments in people. Health care is delivered by health professionals and allied health fields.



panic disorder
Panic Disorder is an anxiety disorder characterized by unexpected and repeated episodes of intense fear accompanied by physical symptoms that may include chest pain, heart palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, or abdominal distress.



social anxiety disorder 
For people with social anxiety disorder, everyday social interactions cause irrational anxiety, fear, self-consciousness, and embarrassment. Symptoms may include excess fear of situations in which one may be judged, worry about embarrassment or humiliation, or concern about offending someone.  Talk therapy and antidepressants can help increase confidence and improve ability to interact with others.



obsessive compulsive disorder 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is characterized by unreasonable thoughts and fears (obsessions) that lead to compulsive behaviors. OCD often centers on themes such as a fear of germs or the need to arrange objects in a specific manner. Symptoms usually begin gradually and vary throughout life. Treatment includes talk therapy, medications, or both.



generalized anxiety disorder. 
Generalized anxiety disorder can occur at any age. The condition has symptoms similar to panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and other types of anxiety. These symptoms include constant worry, restlessness, and trouble with concentration. Treatment may include counseling and medications, such as antidepressants. ::



symptoms
a physical or mental feature which is regarded as indicating a condition of disease, particularly such a feature that is apparent to the patient. 



panic
sudden uncontrollable fear or anxiety, often causing wildly unthinking behavior.



cold hands
Cold hands may be caused by simply being in a cold room or other chilly environment. Cold hands are often a sign that your body is trying to maintain its normal body temperature. Always having cold hands, however, could mean there's a problem with your blood flow or the blood vessels in your hands.



sweaty
Sweating can have causes that aren't due to underlying disease. Examples include warm temperatures, exercise, stress, or spicy food. 



tiredness
Fatigue can have causes that aren't due to underlying disease. Examples include lack of sleep, heavy exertion, jetlag, a large meal, or aging. :: nausea: Nausea can have causes that aren't due to underlying disease. Examples include motion such as from a car and plane, taking pills on an empty stomach, eating too much or too little, or drinking too much alcohol.



treatment
a session of medical care or the administration of a dose of medicine.



cognitive behavioural therapy
a type of psychotherapy in which negative patterns of thought about the self and the world are challenged in order to alter unwanted behavior patterns or treat mood disorders such as depression. 



relaxation therapy 
A type of therapy that helps reduce muscle tension and stress, lowers blood pressure, and controls pain. It may involve tensing and relaxing muscles throughout the body.



psychotherapy-talk therapy
Psychotherapy, or talk therapy, is a way to help people with a broad variety of mental illnesses and emotional difficulties. Psychotherapy can help eliminate or control troubling symptoms so a person can function better and can increase well-being and healing.



pyschological counselling 
Counseling psychologists help people with physical, emotional and mental health issues improve their sense of well‐being, alleviate feelings of distress and resolve crises. ... They also provide assessment, diagnosis, and treatment of more severe psychological symptoms.



depression 
Depression is a group of conditions associated with the elevation or lowering of a person's mood, such as depression or bipolar disorder.



thoughts of death 
Thoughts about self-harm, with deliberate consideration or planning of possible techniques of causing one's own death



loss of pleasure
Anhedonia is the inability to feel pleasure. It's a common symptom of depression as well as other mental health disorders. Most people understand what pleasure feels like. They expect certain things in life to make them happy.



loss of intent
An insufficiency, shortage, or absence of something required or desired. 2 something that is required but is absent or in short supply. 



no concentration
When you're unable to concentrate, you can't think clearly, focus on a task, or maintain your attention. ... A number of medical conditions may contribute to or cause inability to concentrate. It's not always a medical emergency, but being unable to concentrate can mean you need medical attention.



overeating
Overeating is the excess food consumed in relation to the energy that an organism expends (or expels via excretion), leading to weight gaining and often obesity. It may be regarded as an eating disorder. ... Overeating can be a symptom of binge eating disorder or bulimia nervosa.



appetite loss
Appetite loss can have causes that aren't due to underlying disease. Examples include aging, nervousness, grief, disgusting sights and smells, or cigarette smoking. 



alcohol abuse 
the habitual misuse of alcohol.



insomnia
Most cases of insomnia are related to poor sleep habits, depression, anxiety, lack of exercise, chronic illness, or certain medications. Symptoms may include difficulty falling or staying asleep and not feeling well-rested. Treatment for insomnia consists of improving sleep habits, behavior therapy, and identifying and treating underlying causes. Sleeping pills may also be used, but should be monitored for side effects. 



anger
a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.



prescription drugs
a drug that can be obtained only by means of a physician's prescription. 



opiods
Opioids are a class of drugs naturally found in the opium poppy plant and that work in the brain to produce a variety of effects, including the relief of pain with many of these drugs. Opioids can be prescription medications often referred to as painkillers, or they can be so-called street drugs, such as heroin. 



communication
the imparting or exchanging of information or news. 


creative work
A creative work is a manifestation of creative effort including fine artwork (sculpture, paintings, drawing, sketching, performance art), dance, writing (literature), filmmaking, and composition. 



avoid stress
Avoiding stress is a matter of not putting yourself into stressful situations. This sounds simple enough—and in some cases, it can be. For example, if you find crowds very stressful, you might choose not to commute to work by public transport at busy times. 



sport
an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment. 



exercise
activity requiring physical effort, carried out to sustain or improve health and fitness. 



healthy diet
A healthy diet is a diet that helps maintain or improve overall health. A healthy diet provides the body with essential nutrition: fluid, macronutrients, micronutrients, and adequate food energy. 

